Ensemble feature selection - a robust approach that comibines multiple feature selection methods to identify the most
consistently important features across different algorithms.

**Why Ensemble Feature Selection Matters**

Single feature selection methods can be biased toward specific types of relationships
or sensitive to data peculiarities. For example:

    . Correlation-based methods might miss non-linear relationships
    . Tree - based importance can be biased toward high-cardinality categorical features
    . Statistical tests might overlook feature interactions
    . Regularization methods can be influenced by feature scaling

By combining multiple approaches, ensemble feature selection provides a more reliable and comprehensive view of feature importance.

The Core Principle
Ensemble feature selection works by:

    1. Applying multiple feature selection algorithms to the same dataset
    2. Aggregating their results using voting, ranking, or scoring mechanisms
    3. Selecting features that consistently rank highly across methods

This approach leverages the "wisdom of crowds" principle - features that are deemed important by
mulitple independent methods are more likely to be truly predictive.

Real - World Impact
A financial fraud deteciton team improved their model's precision from 78% to 91% by using ensemble feature selection.
While individual methods suggested different "most important" features, the ensemble approach identified a core set 
of 15 features that were consistently predictive across all methods, leading to a more robust and interpretable model.

The beauty of this approach is that it not only improves performance but also increases confidence in your feature choices
crucial when you need to explain model decisions to stakeholders.

Test case formula output:
               test_accuracy  cv_accuracy  n_features
f_classif             0.9357       0.9624        10.0
mutual_info           0.9357       0.9624        10.0
lasso                 0.9708       0.9674        10.0
rf_importance         0.9298       0.9624         9.0
rfe_logistic          0.9708       0.9799        10.0
ensemble              0.9357       0.9624        10.0

Looking at this feature selection comparison, here are the key insights:

Performance Rankings:

RFE with Logistic Regression - is the clear winner with the highest CV accuracy (97.99%)
and strong test accuracy (97.08%)

Lasso - performs second best with high test accuracy (97.08%) and good CV accuracy (96.74%)

The other methods - (f_classif, mutual_info, ensemble) cluster together with identical performance
(93.57% test, 96.24% CV)

Key Observtions:

Overfitting Concerns - Most methods show higher CV accuracy than test accuracy, which is expected,
but the gap varies. f_classif, mutual_info, and ensemble show a larger gap (3% difference), suggesting
potential overfitting.

Feature Efficiency - Random forest importance achieved competitive performance using only 9 features
instead of 10, indictating it identified one redundant feature while maintaining model quality.

Method Reliability: RFE with logisitc regression shows the smallest performance gap between CV and 
test sets, suggesting more robust feature selection and better generalisation.

Practical Implementation:

Go with RFE + Logistic Regression - for your final model - it shows the best cross-validation
performance and good generalisation.

Consider Lasso backup - nearly identical test performance with potentially simpler interpretation.

Investigate the RF importance result - understanding which feature it excluded could provide domain
insights.

The consistency accross multiple methods at the 96-97% range suggests your feature set is generally 
predictive, and the problem is well suited to these ML approaches. 